[doc] New FAQs (#6055)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/lang/articles/faqs/faq.md

On the flip side, the mixture of Python and C values compromises Cython's readability. In addition, though Cython supports parallel computing to a certain degree (via multi-threading), it cannot offload computation to GPU backends.

Compared with Cython, Taichi is more friendly to Non-C users because it can achieve significant performance improvement with pure valid Python code. Supporting a wide range of backends, Taichi is subject to much fewer limits when performing parallel programming. In addition, unlike Cython, Taichi does not require the OpenMP API or an extra parallelism module to accelerate your program. Just specify a backend and wrap the loop with the decorator `@ti.kernel`; then, you can leave the job to Taichi.

### How does Taichi compare with Numba?

As its name indicates, Numba is tailored for NumPy. Numba is recommended if your functions involve vectorization of NumPy arrays. Compared with Numba, Taichi enjoys the following advantages:

> - Taichi supports multiple data types, including   `struct`, `dataclass`, `quant`, and `sparse`, and allows you to adjust memory layout flexibly. This feature is especially helpful when a program handles massive amounts of data. However, Numba only performs best when dealing with dense NumPy arrays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Taichi provides advanced features, including quantized data types, dataclasses and sparse data structures, and allows you to adjust memory layout flexibly. These features are especially helpful when a program handles massive amounts of data. However, Numba only performs best when dealing with dense NumPy arrays.
```
`struct` and `dataclass` are duplicate terms. `sparse` is not a data type.
